---
date: 2023-05-01
title: Bake Sale May 17th - Asociación NEN
categories:
  - Bake Sales
featured_image: https://github.com/willblev/PCBakers/blob/main/images/post_images/nen_promo.png?raw=true
recipe:

  ingredients_markdown: |-
    * 3 Euros suggested donation for each portion of homemade food
    * Bring your own mug and/or plate to reduce waste
  
  directions_markdown: |-
    1. Come to the PCBakers bake sale & bring your own mug
    2. Pick out your favorite treat(s) from the many homemade pastries that are available
    3. Donate some money to a good cause (suggested 3 Euros minimum donation per portion)
    4. Enjoy your delicious breakfast & chat with other folks from all around the PCB
---
- When:  Wednesday, May 17th (9:00-11:30)
- Where: Cluster II entrance of PCB, on C/ Doctor Marañon
- Who: Organized by Arantza V. from the IBEC

---

# Asociación NEN

On Wednesday May 17th from 9-11.30 AM, the PCBakers will raise money for the [NEN association](https://asociacion-nen.org/), which directly supports research projects about neuroblastoma, a deadly pediatric cancer.

NEN is an association which was founded in 2011 by parents, relatives, and friends of children with Neuroblastoma. Neuroblastoma is a childhood cancer that forms in the nervous system. It is the third most common type of pediatric tumor, with a survival rate below 50% for affected children. For this reason, and given the need for effective treatments, parents of children who suffer or have suffered from the disease have come together in NEN to achieve three objectives:

1. Provide help and information for the diagnosis and disease process.
2. Inform those affected by neuroblastoma about new scientific advances such as new treatments and therapeutic options.
3. Collaborate and promote, both economically and socially, the research that is needed to cure this disease.

Everybody will be talking about it, so don’t miss out! Please help us spread the word and don’t forget to add the event to your calendars.
 
At the end of the event, as always, PCBakers will transfer 100% of all donations to these groups. If you would like to bring a cake, join the PCBakers club, or propose a charity for a future event, please see the "About" section of our website to find out how to help us bake for change!

